Kim Lip: Today's filming will be ended after the filming for YeoJin and HaSeul's scene is done.
(Chuu is coming!)
Kim Lip: It's already so loud~!
(And Oilvia Hye has appeared!)
Kim Lip: Oli~ Oli~
Chuu: Oh, come on~ it's very windy, ViVi!
(Chuu removing the pin from ViVi's hair)
(And she's wearing the pin on her hair!)
Kim Lip: She took her pin away and used for her self~
Kim Lip: Come on, Chuu~ I already knew you has such a great personality~
ViVi: No
Kim Lip: Chuu and HaSeul would be hard to film in this weather
Kim Lip: Because they are the only members who has bangs
Chuu: What? ViVi also has bangs!
Chuu: Such a great personality!
ViVi: I was ignored~
Olivia Hye: Now every people realized how great personlaity you have.
Olivia Hye: Born in 99, and great personalities~
Olivia Hye: That great personalities of 99s~
(Don't know what it is, however it seems like the sound effects are needed)
(Olivia Hye avoiding this situation)
(And they keep fighting each other all the way to the car!)
(Someone in the passenger seat is showing her swag! Who is she?)
(Of course, it's HyunJin!)